# 01 Ponder : Weekly Reflection

1. Describe one challenge your team experienced working on the Hello World activity.
I needed to learn how to write text to the screen in Java. This is where I
also learned that Java syntax uses capital letters for the first letter.


2. For the NSA Cryptography assignment, what did you learn about how Java parameter passing differs from C++?
Java always passes parameters by value which is passing the reference to the
parameter.


3. Did you complete the Stretch Challenge for the NSA Cryptography? If so, briefly describe what you did, and how you structured your code.
I did not.


4. What did you learn from comparing your code to the teacher's solution?
I was able to find out how to do the stretch challanege. 


5. After completing the assignments this week, what questions do you still have?
N/A


6. If you were getting paid to work on this week's Prove assignment and you had another month to work on it, what would you add?
Additional requirements for passwords similar to the stretch challange. Also a
time limit where users will need to change their passwords every 30 days.


7. A common Java interview question is "What are javadocs and when should they be used?". How would you answer that question?
Javadocs are the low level documentation for the java class it is for. It
should always be used when working with existing code and should be made when
you are finished writing your code.


8. Of all of the resources in this week's Preparation assignment, which was the _most_ helpful to you and why?
The linked Oracle documentation was very useful as it clearly explained the
subjects and had very simple and easy to understand examples.


9. Of all of the resources in this week's Preparation assignment, which was the _least_ helpful to you and why?
The Stack Overflow article regarding Hashing as I already had a good
understanding of that subject.


10. How many hours did you spend on this class this week?

01 Prepare - 1 1/2 hrs
01 Teach - 1 hr
01 Prove 1st Attempt - 2 hrs
01 Prove 2nd Attempt - 0 hr
01 Ponder - 1/2 hr
----------------------------
Total Hours - 5 hrs

