# 02 Ponder : Weekly Reflection

1. Describe one challenge your team experienced working on the Vacation Calendar activity.

I was not sure how the output needed to be for the program.

2. For the Game of Life assignment, what advantages do you see in using interfaces to define creature behaviors, rather than subclasses?

It is nice that you can have an interface that has a lot of pre-defined
methods for similar classes.

3. Did you complete the Stretch Challenge for the Game of Life Assignment? If so, briefly describe what you did, and how you structured your code.

I did not finish it

4. What did you learn from comparing your code to the teacher's solution?

I was able to find how they implemented the randomness of some of the classes
and how they did that differently.

5. After completing the assignments this week, what questions do you still have?

I am not sure how to utilize some methods in other classes. For example I had
difficulty figuring out how to add a wolf to the creature list when the
creature list lived in the Game.java file and I was trying to do this from the
Wolf.java class.

6. If you were getting paid to work on this week's Prove assignment and you had another month to work on it, what would you add?

Additional graphics, sounds, and other creature types.

7. A common Java interview question is "describe the difference between an interface and an abstract class". How would you answer that question?

An interface has methods that need to be used when the interface is called, An
abstract class is the parent that another class can be based off of but does
not require that you use all the methods.

8. Of all of the resources in this week's Preparation assignment, which was the _most_ helpful to you and why?

The video on interfaces

9. Of all of the resources in this week's Preparation assignment, which was the _least_ helpful to you and why?

The Stack Overflow post. While there was a lot of information, I felt that it
was too much and caused some confusion.

10. How many hours did you spend on this class this week?

02 Prepare - 2 hrs
02 Teach - 2 hrs
02 Prove 1st Attempt - 4 hrs
02 Prove 2nd Attempt - .5 hrs
02 Ponder - .5 hrs
----------------------------
Total Hours - 9 hrs
